README.md, before:

# tangent

My config files regarding my keyboard layout. I use Pine, by ClemenPine:

```
q l c m k  ' f u o y
n r s t w  p h e a i /
j x z g v  b d ; , .
```

I decided not to anglemod it even when using rowstag keyboards because I wanted keys to be in the same place no matter what I was typing on. I found this arrangement acceptable.

When using a regular keyboard, the only extra layer I have is nav on caps. The caps key itself behaves as nav when pressed and esc when tapped. See:

```
f1    f2  f3    f4   f5      f6 f7   f8   f9    f10  f11 f12
_     _   S-tab tab  volup   _  home up   end   _    _
super alt shift ctrl voldown _  left down right bksp del
C-z   C-x C-c   C-v  mute    _  _    _    _     caps
```

Super, Alt, Shift, and Ctrl are one-shot. I thought at first that having one-shot keys on a layer accessed through tap-hold would be awkward, but haven't had problems with it in practice.

## Windows

See `kanata.kbd`. When playing videogames, I just use QWERTY.

If, like me, typing in Spanish is common for you and you hate dead keys, you'll want to check out `engint.klc`, the MSKLC source file for my keyboard layout under Windows. I adapted it from the English International layout that ships with the operating system, but removed all traces of dead keys. Type apostrophes, quotation marks, and tildes without interruption.

A note: the MSKLC source file is for a regular old QWERTY layout. Kanata is the program responsible for shuffling keys around.

Commit message:

add QWERTY international for Linux

README.md, after:

# tangent

My config files regarding my keyboard layout. I use Pine, by ClemenPine:

```
q l c m k  ' f u o y
n r s t w  p h e a i /
j x z g v  b d ; , .
```

I decided not to anglemod it even when using rowstag keyboards because I wanted keys to be in the same place no matter what I was typing on. I found this arrangement acceptable.

When using a regular keyboard, the only extra layer I have is nav on caps. The caps key itself behaves as nav when pressed and esc when tapped. See:

```
f1    f2  f3    f4   f5      f6 f7   f8   f9    f10  f11 f12
_     _   S-tab tab  volup   _  home up   end   _    _
super alt shift ctrl voldown _  left down right bksp del
C-z   C-x C-c   C-v  mute    _  _    _    _     caps
```

Super, Alt, Shift, and Ctrl are one-shot. I thought at first that having one-shot keys on a layer accessed through tap-hold would be awkward, but haven't had problems with it in practice.

## Windows

See `kanata.kbd`. When playing videogames, I just use QWERTY.

If, like me, typing in Spanish is common for you and you hate dead keys, you'll want to check out `engint.klc`, the MSKLC source file for my keyboard layout under Windows. I adapted it from the English International layout that ships with the operating system, but removed all traces of dead keys. Type apostrophes, quotation marks, and tildes without interruption.

The MSKLC source file is for a regular old QWERTY layout. Kanata is the program responsible for shuffling keys around.

Also, do note that at the moment that while the MSKLC layout is eminently usable, it's outdated in the sense that it's not the international QWERTY layout I'm using on Linux. I'll correct it at a later date.

## Linux

See `tangent-qwerty`, an XKB symbols file, for my international QWERTY layout.
